src/installation/heroku.mdx, before:

---
name: Heroku
route: /installation/heroku
menu: Installation
---

Running sorry-cypress on Heroku is the cheapest option. It is free when using free dynos. Follow the instructions below to setup the service on Heroku platform.

## Running a stateless director service

Click the button below to deploy the basic, in-memory configuration of `director` to Heroku:

<a
  href="https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/agoldis/sorry-cypress/tree/master"
  target="_blank"
>
  <img src="https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg" alt="Deploy" />
</a>

## Running a stateful director service

Download and install the [Heroku CLI](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli).

You must have Docker set up locally to continue. You should see output when you run this command.

```bash
$ docker ps
```

### Overview

We'll create 3 separate Heroku applications - one for each service. Publicly available docker images of 3 services are available at:

- https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/agoldis/sorry-cypress-director
- https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/agoldis/sorry-cypress-api
- https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/agoldis/sorry-cypress-dashboard

The images are automatically updated on each release and tagged in accordance with GitHub releases.

In addition, sorry-cypress uses MongoDB as a persistance layer for storing and retreiving test results. We'll use a free `mLab` hosted solution to run a managed instance of MongoDB.

### Creating `director` service

- Create a new application and give it a good name, note the name, you'll need it later:

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/agoldis.dev/sorry-cypress/heroku/director/001.png" />

- Add `mLab` free-tier MongoDB add-on

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/agoldis.dev/sorry-cypress/heroku/director/002.png" />
<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/agoldis.dev/sorry-cypress/heroku/director/003.png" />

- Set application deployment type to "Container Registry"

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/agoldis.dev/sorry-cypress/heroku/director/004.png" />

Now we'll run shell commands to deploy the `director` service

```bash
# Sign into Heroku Container Registry.
$ heroku container:login

# Pull director service image
$ docker pull agoldis/director:latest

# Tag director service image as Heroku app image
$ docker tag agoldis/director:latest registry.heroku.com/<name_of_director_app>/web

# Push the image to Heroku Container Registry
$ docker push registry.heroku.com/<name_of_director_app>/web

# Deploy the image
$ heroku container:release --app <name_of_director_app> web
```

### Creating `api` service

Repeat the steps for `director` service, use different Heroku application name. There's no need to add `mLab` add-on for `api`.

Run the next commands to deploy `api` service to Heroku:

```bash
# Sign into Heroku Container Registry.
$ heroku container:login

# Pull director service image
$ docker pull agoldis/api:latest

# Tag director service image as Heroku app image
$ docker tag agoldis/api:latest registry.heroku.com/<name_of_api_app>/web

# Push the image to Heroku Container Registry
$ docker push registry.heroku.com/<name_of_api_app>/web

# Deploy the image
$ heroku container:release --app <name_of_api_app> web
```

### Creating `dashboard` service

Repeat the steps for `director` service, use different heroku application name. There's no need to add `mLab` add-on for `dashboard`.

Run the next commands to deploy `dashboard` service to Heroku:

```bash
# Sign into Heroku Container Registry.
$ heroku container:login

# Pull director service image
$ docker pull agoldis/dashboard:latest

# Tag director service image as Heroku app image
$ docker tag agoldis/dashboard:latest registry.heroku.com/<name_of_dashboard_app>/web

# Push the image to Heroku Container Registry
$ docker push registry.heroku.com/<name_of_dashboard_app>/web

# Deploy the image
$ heroku container:release --app <name_of_dashboard_app> web
```

### Configure tha apps to communicate

Set the following configuration variables for created applications:

- For `director`:

```bash
# Use stateful mode and keep test results in MongoDB
EXECUTION_DRIVER="../execution/mongo/driver"

# Dashboard app url
DASHBOARD_URL=<dashboard_app_url>

# MongoDB database name
MONGODB_DATABASE=<mLab_database_name>

# MongoDB connection string
MONGODB_URI=<mLab_database_access_credentials>

# If you've set up S3 bucket for keeping screenshots
# Screenshots driver path
SCREENSHOTS_DRIVER="../screenshots/s3.driver"

# S3 Bucket name
S3_BUCKET="bucket_name"
# AWS credentials with write access to S3 bucket
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="key_id"
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="secret_access"
```

- For `api`

```bash
# MongoDB database name
MONGODB_DATABASE=<mLab_database_name>

# MongoDB connection string
MONGODB_URI=<mLab_database_access_credentials>
```

- For `dashboard`

```bash
# For communicating with API
GRAPHQL_SCHEMA_URL=<api_app_url>
```

### Summary

That's it 🎉!

[Reconfigure cypress agents](/cypress-agent#cypress-agent-configuration) and try to run some tests. You will see test results accessing "dashboard" app URL.

### Optional: Set up S3 bucket to keep screenshots

Follow https://github.com/agoldis/sorry-cypress/wiki/S3-screenshot-bucket-setup-instructions

Commit message:

refac(heroku-installation): migrate from mLab to Atlas

src/installation/heroku.mdx, after:

---
name: Heroku
route: /installation/heroku
menu: Installation
---

Running sorry-cypress on Heroku is the cheapest option. It is free when using free dynos. Follow the instructions below to setup the service on Heroku platform.

## Running a stateless director service

Click the button below to deploy the basic, in-memory configuration of `director` to Heroku:

<a
  href="https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/agoldis/sorry-cypress/tree/master"
  target="_blank"
>
  <img src="https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg" alt="Deploy" />
</a>

## Running a stateful director service

Download and install the [Heroku CLI](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli).

You must have Docker set up locally to continue. You should see output when you run this command.

```bash
$ docker ps
```

### Overview

We'll create 3 separate Heroku applications - one for each service. Publicly available docker images of 3 services are available at:

- https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/agoldis/sorry-cypress-director
- https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/agoldis/sorry-cypress-api
- https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/agoldis/sorry-cypress-dashboard

The images are automatically updated on each release and tagged in accordance with GitHub releases.

In addition, sorry-cypress uses MongoDB as a persistance layer for storing and retreiving test results. We'll use a free `Atlas` hosted solution to run a managed instance of MongoDB.

### Creating `director` service

- Create a new application and give it a good name, note the name, you'll need it later:

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/agoldis.dev/sorry-cypress/heroku/director/001.png" />

- Set application deployment type to "Container Registry"

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/agoldis.dev/sorry-cypress/heroku/director/004.png" />

Now we'll run shell commands to deploy the `director` service

```bash
# Sign into Heroku Container Registry.
$ heroku container:login

# Pull director service image
$ docker pull agoldis/sorry-cypress-director:latest

# Tag director service image as Heroku app image
$ docker tag agoldis/sorry-cypress-director:latest registry.heroku.com/<name_of_director_app>/web

# Push the image to Heroku Container Registry
$ docker push registry.heroku.com/<name_of_director_app>/web

# Deploy the image
$ heroku container:release --app <name_of_director_app> web
```

### Creating `api` service

Repeat the steps for `director` service, use different Heroku application name.

Run the next commands to deploy `api` service to Heroku:

```bash
# Sign into Heroku Container Registry.
$ heroku container:login

# Pull director service image
$ docker pull agoldis/sorry-cypress-api:latest

# Tag director service image as Heroku app image
$ docker tag agoldis/sorry-cypress-api:latest registry.heroku.com/<name_of_api_app>/web

# Push the image to Heroku Container Registry
$ docker push registry.heroku.com/<name_of_api_app>/web

# Deploy the image
$ heroku container:release --app <name_of_api_app> web
```

### Creating `dashboard` service

Repeat the steps for `director` service, use different heroku application name.

Run the next commands to deploy `dashboard` service to Heroku:

```bash
# Sign into Heroku Container Registry.
$ heroku container:login

# Pull director service image
$ docker pull agoldis/sorry-cypress-dashboard:latest

# Tag director service image as Heroku app image
$ docker tag agoldis/sorry-cypress-dashboard:latest registry.heroku.com/<name_of_dashboard_app>/web

# Push the image to Heroku Container Registry
$ docker push registry.heroku.com/<name_of_dashboard_app>/web

# Deploy the image
$ heroku container:release --app <name_of_dashboard_app> web
```

### Creating a MongoDB database

MongoDB has an awesome service that allows us to create a free cluster that can eventually scale. Because the creation of this cluster is very straightforward and well-written in the docs, we'll not cover that here. But all you'll need is the database name and the access credentials so you can fill the Heroku config variables as we'll see right after. So go ahead to the [MongoDB docs](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/getting-started/), get your database running and grab that data!

### Configure the apps to communicate

Set the following configuration variables for created applications:

- For `director`:

```bash
# Use stateful mode and keep test results in MongoDB
EXECUTION_DRIVER="../execution/mongo/driver"

# Dashboard app url
DASHBOARD_URL=<dashboard_app_url>

# MongoDB database name
MONGODB_DATABASE=<atlas_database_name>

# MongoDB connection string
MONGODB_URI=<atlas_database_access_credentials>

# If you've set up S3 bucket for keeping screenshots
# Screenshots driver path
SCREENSHOTS_DRIVER="../screenshots/s3.driver"

# S3 Bucket name
S3_BUCKET="bucket_name"
# AWS region, default value is "us-east-1"
S3_REGION="us-east-1"

# AWS credentials with write access to S3 bucket
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="key_id"
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="secret_access"
```

- For `api`

```bash
# MongoDB database name
MONGODB_DATABASE=<atlas_database_name>

# MongoDB connection string
MONGODB_URI=<atlas_database_access_credentials>
```

- For `dashboard`

```bash
# For communicating with API
GRAPHQL_SCHEMA_URL=<api_app_url>
```

### Summary

That's it 🎉!

[Reconfigure cypress agents](/cypress-agent#cypress-agent-configuration) and try to run some tests. You will see test results accessing "dashboard" app URL.

### Optional: Set up S3 bucket to keep screenshots

Follow https://github.com/agoldis/sorry-cypress/wiki/S3-screenshot-bucket-setup-instructions
