src/agent.mdx, before:

---
name: Cypress agent
route: /cypress-agent
---

## Guide

Parallelizing cypress tests means running different tests on multiple cypress agents at the same time. The [official Cypress documentation](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/guides/parallelization.html) greatly explains why is it good.

It is important to note that this project only replaces the original cypress dashboard. You will still need to set up (and pay for) a CI environment that runs cypress agents.

<img src="public/parallelization-diagram.png" alt="Parallization diagram" />

## Cypress agent configuration

Cypress agent is the tools that runs the tests. When an agent is configured to run test in parallel, it will try to connect a remote dashboard to coordinate the tests running order. When using sorry-cypress you'll need to override the default configuration and use an alternative URL. The next few sections explain how to reconfigure cypress agents for communicating with sorry-cypress.

## Manual

Find cypress installation path

```bash
$ DEBUG=cypress:* cypress version

...
# here it is
cypress:cli Reading binary package.json from: /Users/agoldis/Library/Caches/Cypress/3.4.1/Cypress.app/Contents/Resources/app/package.json +0ms
...
```

In my case it is: `/Users/agoldis/Library/Caches/Cypress/3.4.1/Cypress.app/Contents/Resources/app/`

Change the default dashboard URL

```bash
$ cat /Users/agoldis/Library/Caches/Cypress/3.4.1/Cypress.app/Contents/Resources/app/packages/server/config/app.yml

...
# Replace this with a URL of the alternative dashboard
production:
  # api_url: "https://api.cypress.io/"
  api_url: "http://localhost:1234/"
...
```

## CLI one-liners

Use this CLI one-liner to change cypress configuration (courtesy of [@MeStrak](https://github.com/MeStrak)):

```bash
> sed -i -e 's|api_url:.*$|api_url: "https://sorry-cypress-demo-director.herokuapp.com/"|g' /*/.cache/Cypress/*/Cypress/resources/app/packages/server/config/app.yml
```

Or for windows (by [@nickcox](https://github.com/nickcox)):

```powershell
ls $env:LOCALAPPDATA/Cypress/Cache -Recurse -Filter app.yml |
% { (Get-Content $_ -Raw) -replace "https://api.cypress.io/", "https://sorry-cypress-demo-director.herokuapp.com/" | Out-File $_ }
```

## sorry-cypress wrapper

Thanks [@janineahn](https://github.com/janineahn) and [@redaxmedia](https://github.com/redaxmedia) for this contribution!

Instead of changing the `api_url` in the cypress config, it's also possible to reroute the cypress api IP in your `/etc/hosts` file.

Sorry-cypress includes an executable helper for this, to use it run `sudo sorry-cypress` (superuser rights are necessary for editing the hosts file).

This command will use [hostile](https://github.com/feross/hostile) to change your hosts file and will start cypress in a child process.
Once Cypress is done or killed the rerouting rule in your hosts file will be deleted.

Please be aware of the following limitation before using `sorry-cypress.js` script:

- Only works with `etc/hosts` or `C:/Windows/System32/drivers/etc/hosts` present
- Only works with HTTPS on and port 443 on the target machine
- Has hard coded arguments for the cypress run
- Missing output that CLI started/finished

The command will need the following env variables:

- `SORRY_CYPRESS_RECORD_KEY`
- `SORRY_CYPRESS_API_IP`
- `SORRY_CYPRESS_BUILD_ID`

Example:

```sh
sudo SORRY_CYPRESS_BUILD_ID=build-001 SORRY_CYPRESS_RECORD_KEY=whateve SORRY_CYPRESS_API_IP=127.0.0.1 ./bin/sorry-cypress.js <other cypress arguments>
```

Commit message:

Explicitly mention director to use as api_url

src/agent.mdx, after:

---
name: Cypress agent
route: /cypress-agent
---

## Guide

Parallelizing cypress tests means running different tests on multiple cypress agents at the same time. The [official Cypress documentation](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/guides/parallelization.html) greatly explains why is it good.

It is important to note that this project only replaces the original cypress dashboard. You will still need to set up (and pay for) a CI environment that runs cypress agents.

<img src="public/parallelization-diagram.png" alt="Parallization diagram" />

## Cypress agent configuration

Cypress agent is the tools that runs the tests. When an agent is configured to run test in parallel, it will try to connect a remote dashboard to coordinate the tests running order. When using sorry-cypress you'll need to override the default configuration and use an alternative URL. The next few sections explain how to reconfigure cypress agents for communicating with sorry-cypress.

## Manual

Find cypress installation path

```bash
$ DEBUG=cypress:* cypress version

...
# here it is
cypress:cli Reading binary package.json from: /Users/agoldis/Library/Caches/Cypress/3.4.1/Cypress.app/Contents/Resources/app/package.json +0ms
...
```

In my case it is: `/Users/agoldis/Library/Caches/Cypress/3.4.1/Cypress.app/Contents/Resources/app/`

Change the default dashboard URL - point it to `director` service URL

```bash
$ cat /Users/agoldis/Library/Caches/Cypress/3.4.1/Cypress.app/Contents/Resources/app/packages/server/config/app.yml

...
# Replace this with a URL of the alternative dashboard
production:
  # api_url: "https://api.cypress.io/"
  api_url: "http://localhost:1234/"
...
```

## CLI one-liners

Use this CLI one-liner to change cypress configuration (courtesy of [@MeStrak](https://github.com/MeStrak)):

```bash
> sed -i -e 's|api_url:.*$|api_url: "https://sorry-cypress-demo-director.herokuapp.com/"|g' /*/.cache/Cypress/*/Cypress/resources/app/packages/server/config/app.yml
```

Or for windows (by [@nickcox](https://github.com/nickcox)):

```powershell
ls $env:LOCALAPPDATA/Cypress/Cache -Recurse -Filter app.yml |
% { (Get-Content $_ -Raw) -replace "https://api.cypress.io/", "https://sorry-cypress-demo-director.herokuapp.com/" | Out-File $_ }
```

## sorry-cypress wrapper

Thanks [@janineahn](https://github.com/janineahn) and [@redaxmedia](https://github.com/redaxmedia) for this contribution!

Instead of changing the `api_url` in the cypress config, it's also possible to reroute the cypress api IP in your `/etc/hosts` file.

Sorry-cypress includes an executable helper for this, to use it run `sudo sorry-cypress` (superuser rights are necessary for editing the hosts file).

This command will use [hostile](https://github.com/feross/hostile) to change your hosts file and will start cypress in a child process.
Once Cypress is done or killed the rerouting rule in your hosts file will be deleted.

Please be aware of the following limitation before using `sorry-cypress.js` script:

- Only works with `etc/hosts` or `C:/Windows/System32/drivers/etc/hosts` present
- Only works with HTTPS on and port 443 on the target machine
- Has hard coded arguments for the cypress run
- Missing output that CLI started/finished

The command will need the following env variables:

- `SORRY_CYPRESS_RECORD_KEY`
- `SORRY_CYPRESS_API_IP`
- `SORRY_CYPRESS_BUILD_ID`

Example:

```sh
sudo SORRY_CYPRESS_BUILD_ID=build-001 SORRY_CYPRESS_RECORD_KEY=whateve SORRY_CYPRESS_API_IP=127.0.0.1 ./bin/sorry-cypress.js <other cypress arguments>
```
