src/quickstart.mdx, before:

---
name: Quickstart
route: /quickstart
---

<img src="public/demo.gif" alt="sorry cypress demo" />

You will need a recent version of docker-compose for this guide.

## Run the services

1. Check out the source code.
2. Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose.minio.yml up`
3. Open the browser at [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/) to see the dashboard

## Reconfigure Cypress agent

[Reconfigure Cypress](/cypress-agent#cypress-agent-configuration) to use `api_url: "http://localhost:1234/"`,

Get cypress agent installation path:

```sh
$ DEBUG=cypress:* cypress version
...
# get the path /Users/agoldis/Library/Caches/Cypress/3.4.1/Cypress.app/Contents/Resources/app/package.json
cypress:cli Reading binary package.json from: /Users/agoldis/Library/Caches/Cypress/3.4.1/Cypress.app/Contents/Resources/app/package.json
...
```

Edit the file `.../Cypress.app/Contents/Resources/app/packages/server/config/app.yml`

```yml
production:
  api_url: 'http://localhost:1234'
  #api_url: "https://api.cypress.io/"
```

## Run cypress tests in parallel

1. Open few terminals
2. Run your tests `cypress run --parallel --record --key xxx --ci-build-id <buildId>`

The results will appear in the dashboard. Those cypress tests will run in parallel without connecting to the official dashboard.

## Cloud demo

Visit https://sorry-cypress-demo.herokuapp.com/ to see the web dashboard in action.

> This demo is a free heroku instance, it takes a minute to spin it up when you first navigate.

You can [reconfigure Cypress](/cypress-agent#cypress-agent-configuration) to use `api_url: "https://sorry-cypress-demo-director.herokuapp.com/"`, run your tests and see the results appear at the dashboard.

Also consider the [example](https://github.com/agoldis/sorry-cypress/tree/master/example) with a detailed parallelization instructions.

Commit message:

feat(quickstart): add step for minio config

src/quickstart.mdx, after:

---
name: Quickstart
route: /quickstart
---

<img src="public/demo.gif" alt="sorry cypress demo" />

You will need a recent version of docker-compose for this guide.

## Run the services

1. Check out the source code.
2. Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose.minio.yml up`
3. Open the browser at [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/) to see the dashboard

## Reconfigure Cypress agent

[Reconfigure Cypress](/cypress-agent#cypress-agent-configuration) to use `api_url: "http://localhost:1234/"`,

Get cypress agent installation path:

```sh
$ DEBUG=cypress:* cypress version
...
# get the path /Users/agoldis/Library/Caches/Cypress/3.4.1/Cypress.app/Contents/Resources/app/package.json
cypress:cli Reading binary package.json from: /Users/agoldis/Library/Caches/Cypress/3.4.1/Cypress.app/Contents/Resources/app/package.json
...
```

Edit the file `.../Cypress.app/Contents/Resources/app/packages/server/config/app.yml`

```yml
production:
  api_url: 'http://localhost:1234'
  #api_url: "https://api.cypress.io/"
```

## Configure the storage driver

Edit your /etc/hosts file to allow cypress agents discover the local instance of [Minio Driver](/director/storage#minio-driver)

```sh
127.0.0.1 storage
```

## Run cypress tests in parallel

1. Open few terminals
2. Run your tests `cypress run --parallel --record --key xxx --ci-build-id <buildId>`

The results will appear in the dashboard. Those cypress tests will run in parallel without connecting to the official dashboard.

## Cloud demo

Visit https://sorry-cypress-demo.herokuapp.com/ to see the web dashboard in action.

> This demo is a free heroku instance, it takes a minute to spin it up when you first navigate.

You can [reconfigure Cypress](/cypress-agent#cypress-agent-configuration) to use `api_url: "https://sorry-cypress-demo-director.herokuapp.com/"`, run your tests and see the results appear at the dashboard.

Also consider the [example](https://github.com/agoldis/sorry-cypress/tree/master/example) with a detailed parallelization instructions.
